what is that my peeps at his deeds here
and I've got a rogue vs made video here
for you in WoW and this is for the five
point 05 update right before mr.
Pandaria come out but I believe this
will be very similar for wind mists
actually comes out so if you're watching
it then or an hour before just take it
all in the consideration this here is a
losing match and this is what I was
normally encountering with mages now
taking mine my cooldowns are gone but
died before the patch in the new skill
system I was a hardcore subtlety rogue
and I found out that the new way is
definitely mutilate assassination and
this is a little video and show you the
awesomeness that it can bring you anyway
this is what I first started I
encountered all these mages doing this
to me crowd controlling me like a mofo
but so I got three more matches here
from three different mages and so let's
just get into little tips and tricks for
you like I said first off you want to go
with assassination and although i don't
have the poisons in here you want to
have crippling poison and deadly poison
i was using wound a lot but you know the
good thing is you can change them on the
fly i would still use wound may be
against like a paladin or druid just
solder they don't heal as much or even
maybe a priest but i want to make this
video especially because priests and
mages seem to be my biggest trouble with
the new update and pre Civil tackle next
but mages by far are the worst as far as
damage goes on you so you gotta get them
quick and that's a good thing about
being a rogue as you can so you always
want to open up with a rupture to
silence them get those powers are those
points up try to get a kidney in there
and then you know you want to unload on
them and what I like to do is pop
vendetta and my-my-my trinket that gives
me 24 hundred extra agility just so I
can power through them if you don't get
them between then it's going to be a
little bit of a battle but it definitely
helps to drain their life at first so
see what we're doing there we get them
into an ice block and what I do is
shuttle mail
get another one of my vantage type
things in there and open back up with
another rupture that's one of the
biggest things you can do against a mage
and most other casters is you want to
open with that rupture and I do have the
glyph in there to add a little more to
the silence and like I said you just
want to hurry up and get them down and
another tip like I see guy I did right
there is what you want to save your
cloak of shadows as long as you can
until they start popping their cooldowns
once in a while I will pop it early it
just it's a it's a very dynamic thing
when you're pvping well if you're well
most you know that if you're watching
this but I never sent myself to a
standard set of rules I only pop this
then or whatever and you know so I just
feel it out and I do it like in this one
up i'll pop cloak of shadows early and
but i still think when i did it it was
very useful just to get back on him so
yeah a SAP and a rupture that's the
that's the way to go I do have one of
the skill perks that allows me to open
with cheap shot and add some extra
damage and sometimes that's viable but
you was a major I mean I almost always
like ninety-eight percent of time going
through up your be just because it cuts
them off from doing much at first and
anyway yeah so I mean look at that 2200
that dispatch is really cool i'm really
digging the dispatch since the new
update and all that but yeah you see me
use cloak of shadows earlier just so i
could get back on him and i knew i was
just hitting them hard I don't know what
his gear was but I noticed he was
squishy so sometimes you just got to pop
those those quality things early like I
said I don't set myself to any standards
this last one I hit this guy hard so I
must I had lower level gear but still it
was worth watching because like you seen
in that first one where that mage kept
controlling me I can you can tell if
this guy keeps trying to a neat I like
here you can I i went with mind-numbing
at first but now I was like no screw at
crippling so I can stay on him that's
sometimes the on-the-fly decision you
have to make but generally crippling and
deadly poison is the way to go and see I
popped it again early there just so I
get on this guy and he blinked away
eyeshadow stepped and that's another
cool thing with the new update is you
can mix shadows
step with all the other classes instead
of just subtlety look at two
back-to-back 20 case anyway this is my
little video on the new rogue vs mages
it is possible I'll pit rogues are
having trouble with mages so just get
your trinkets out there time everything
right use your cloak of shadows properly
and watch their CC other than that peach
stay gaming and I'll see you in the mist